I want you to spend all your money.
Are you sure you want me to do that?
But it's important.
It's not that I don't like it.
Didn't you say you'll do whatever I say?
Or say that the White Youth Army only knows how to talk.
Just say it
King Quang Lang, you are a bunch of shit.
The property on the Yuan Quan is not only his own.
He also carries the livelihood of the entire Li family of tens of thousands of people.
I don't understand the meaning of this.
I don't understand either.
If there is no army to spend all wealth
Don't say Ly.
Even this whole summer.
It's all in the wind.
I don't understand either.
You don't have to understand.
The Lord of the Rings is giving you a chance.
If you can't hold it
Self-Suffering Consequences
We've known each other for 20 years.
Sister of 10 years
All along the way, it's based on trust.
The boss told me to do that.
There must be a reason for the boss.
Get started now
I officially withdrew from the Li family.
All real estate shares in my name are transferred to the state for deduction.
Gold and silver jewelry turned into danger
Used to visit the hero's family
Half a minute without leaving.